Hebrews 4:16 Go confidently to God on his throne of grace so we can receive mercy, and discover grace to help us when we really need it

Luke 18:5-8 This widow is so annoying I'll make sure she receives justice. Then she won't wear me out by her coming to see me so often. Listen to what even an unjust judge decided,” said the Lord. Don't you think that God will make sure his chosen people receive justice, those who cry out to him day and night? Do you think he will make them wait? No, I tell you, he will give them justice quickly.

Genesis 32:26 "I won't let you go unless you bless me"

Luke 11:13 If you, even though you are evil, still know to give good gifts to your children, how much more will the heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to those who ask him?

Galatians 5:22 The Spirit produces fruit such as love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, trust, gentleness, and self-control

2 Thessalonians 2:13 The Spirit who makes you right as you trust in the truth.

1 Peter 1:2 You were chosen by God the Father in his wisdom, made holy by the Spirit, so that you might obey Jesus Christ and be sprinkled with his blood.

Romans 15:15-6 God gave me grace to be a minister of Christ Jesus to the foreigners, like a priest sharing God's good news, so that they could become an acceptable offering, made holy by the Holy Spirit.

God, you said in 2 Corinthians 3:17-18 "The Lord is the Spirit, and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom… And we all, who with unveiled faces contemplate the Lord's glory, are being transformed into his image with ever-increasing glory, which comes from the Lord, who is the Spirit." God give me the Spirit, may the spirit give me freedom from sin as you promised here, may the spirit transform me into Jesus’ image of purity.
God, you said in Romans 8:13-14 "If by the Spirit you put to death the misdeeds of the body, you will live. For those who are led by the Spirit of God are the children of God." - Please God, give me the Spirit to help me put to death these misdeeds, and let me be led by the spirit.
God, you said in Galatians 5:16-17 "Walk by the Spirit, and you will not gratify the desires of the flesh. For the flesh desires what is contrary to the Spirit, and the Spirit what is contrary to the flesh" - please empower me to walk by the Spirit. Please give me the Spirit all day, and let the Spirit’s desires for me win out.
God, you said in Romans 8:2 "The law of the Spirit who gives life has set you free from the law of sin and death" - Father give me the Holy Spirit to set me free from sin and give me life as you promised here.
God, you said in Romans 8:5-6 "Those who live in accordance with the Spirit have their minds set on what the Spirit desires. The mind governed by the Spirit is life and peace." - please help me to live with the spirit like this, please set my mind on what you desire, please govern my mind, and i want inner peace!
God, you said in 1 Corinthians 6:11 “You were sanctified, you were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and by the Spirit of our God” - God please set the Holy Spirit free in my life to sanctify me more.
God, you said in 1 Corinthians 6:19-20 "Your bodies are temples of the Holy Spirit, who is in you, whom you have received from God" - God, let me receive the Holy spirit to live in my body like you say here! And as you live in me, transform me to be more like Jesus.
God, you said in Ephesians 1 "When you believed, you were marked in him with a seal, the promised Holy Spirit, who is a deposit guaranteeing our inheritance." - Holy Spirit, please make your mark, please be in my life, getting me ready for my inheritance.
God, you said in Ephesians 4:30 "Do not grieve the Holy Spirit of God” - please don’t be grieved by my sin! Please stay active in my life and make me better.
God, in Romans 1:4 you call the Holy Spirit “The spirit of holiness” - since holiness is the holy spirit’s main thing, and he lives in me, please make me holy!
God, in Romans 7 it says “I am a slave to sin. What I want to do I do not do, but what I hate I do. It is no longer I myself who do it, but it is sin living in me. I have the desire to do what is good, but I cannot carry it out” God, you know and wrote that I can’t beat it, I need the help of the Holy Spirit, please give me that help!
God, you said in Romans 8:9  "You are not in the realm of the flesh but are in the realm of the Spirit, if indeed the Spirit of God lives in you" - please let the Holy Spirit live in me so i can be in the realm of the spirit.
God, you said in Romans 8:26-27  "The Spirit helps us in our weakness. We do not know what we ought to pray for, but the Spirit himself intercedes for us through wordless groans" - I am weak in the fight to be holy, i need the holy spirits help, give me that help! And if this is talking about speaking in tongues, give me that too!
God you promised in John 16:13  "But when he, the Spirit of truth, comes, he will guide you into all the truth” - give me the holy spirit to guide my life! Guide me to be holy, and guide me in a million other ways! I need guidance!
God, you promised in 1 Thessalonians 5:23-24 that "May God himself sanctify you through and through. May your whole spirit, soul and body be kept blameless at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. The one who calls you is faithful, and he will do it." - you said ‘he will do it’ so please do it! Please increasingly sanctify me spirit soul and body as you said here.
God, you said in Philippians 1:6 "Confident of this, that he who began a good work in you will carry it on to completion until the day of Christ Jesus" - Don’t stop, carry on purifying me!
God, you promised in Hebrews 13:20-21 "May the God of peace, equip you with everything good for doing his will, and may he work in us what is pleasing to him, through Jesus Christ." - Equip me with the holy spirit to do your will! Work in me to make me pleasing to you! Fix me up.
God you promised in Acts 1:8 “You will receive power when the Holy Spirit has come upon you, and you will be my witnesses” - god give me the holy spirit’s power to be pure so i can be a good witness to my kids.
God, you said in Romans 12:1-2 ”Offer your bodies as a living sacrifice, holy and pleasing to God—this is your true and proper worship. Do not conform to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind." God renew my mind, help me think like you!
God, you said in 1 Thessalonians 4:3-8 “This is the will of God, your sanctification… God has not called us for impurity, but in holiness. Therefore whoever disregards this, disregards not man but God, who gives his Holy Spirit to you.” God give me the Holy Spirit as it says here to do your will and sanctify me!
God, you said in Titus 3:5 “He saved us, not because of works done by us in righteousness, but according to his own mercy, by the washing of regeneration and renewal of the Holy Spirit.” - God have mercy on me, give me the Holy spirit to wash, regenerate, and renew me like you promise here!
God, you said in Hebrews 10:14 “By one sacrifice he has made perfect forever those who are being made holy” - God you said we’re being made holy here. Make me holy then!

God in Hebrews 10:29 you talk of people who “has profaned the blood of the covenant by which he was sanctified, and has outraged the Spirit of grace?” God please don’t let the holy spirit be outraged, please let him continue sanctifying me!
God you promised in Ezekiel 36:26-27 "I will give you a new heart and put a new spirit in you... I will put my Spirit in you and move you to follow my decrees” - do this in my life please! Give me a new heart! Give me the Holy Spirit! Let the holy spirit move me!
Jesus you said in John 14 "If you love me, keep my commands. I will ask the Father, and he will give you another advocate to help you and be with you forever - the Spirit of truth” - Jesus, ask the father to give me the holy spirit! Let the holy spirit help me keep your commands!
God you said in Ephesians 3:16 “I pray that out of his glorious riches he may strengthen you with power through his Spirit in your inner being” - Give me the Holy Spirit to strengthen me god, to give me power to resist temptation, and power in every way!

God, you said in Ephesians 5:18 “Do not get drunk on wine, which leads to debauchery. Instead, be filled with the Spirit” - fill me with the holy spirit in contrast to being drunk or other debauchery!

God, you said in Ephesians 5:25-26 “Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her to make her holy, cleansing her by the washing with water through the word” - God help me love my wife, make me holy, cleanse and wash me.

God you said in 2 Timothy 1:14 “Guard the good deposit that was entrusted to you—guard it with the help of the Holy Spirit who lives in us” Give me the holy spirit to live in me, and may the holy spirit help me guard all the good things you’re doing in my life.

Jesus, you prayed in John 17:17 that god would ”Sanctify them by the truth” - god please do what jesus prayed, sanctify me!

God, as David asked in Psalm 51:10-11, I ask too: “Create in me a pure heart, O God, and renew a steadfast spirit within me. Do not cast me from your presence or take your Holy Spirit from me.” Make my heart pure! Give me the Holy Spirit to make that possible! Please don’t take Him away!
God, you said in Philippians 2:13 “It is God who works in you, both to will and to work for his good pleasure." - God, Holy Spirit, work in me! Make me want your good works! Make me do your good works!

God, you said in Isaiah 55:11 “So shall my word be that goes out from my mouth; it shall not return to me empty, but it shall accomplish that which I purpose, and shall succeed in the thing for which I sent it.” God, your words made many many promises for the holy spirit helping make us holy - please let your words succeed and accomplish this in my life!

In Jesus’ name Amen!
